I'll make an investment are we talking
about you said you're recruiting
investors is there a ballpark figure you
have in mind there is an obviously it'd
be probably disrespectful for me to say
exactly the figure obviously for me
personally a significant amount for the
investors coming in you know it's a it's
a stadium it's a stadium in downtown
Miami so it's not going to be cheap but
it's definitely going to be something
that I won the you know the investors to
come in and be passionate about you know
like I said it's important they're
passionate about the project you've
talked about it being privately funded
you know the construction right because
you're seeking some kind of public deal
with the county on the land and the
state sales tax rebate you know
obviously tell AHA see you know we we
what we want from the stove tell us is
the fact that you know to be treated
exactly like every other sports
franchise yes you know there will be a
certain amount of funds from that but
yeah the build of the stadium is
privately funded have you given any
consideration to maybe allowing the
University of Miami Hurricanes college
football team to play in your stadium
that's definitely one of the options you
know we want this to be a stadium that
you know Miami the city of Miami can be
proud of and I think that we can achieve
that you solely with soccer but if
there's other things like you say you
know there's there's always options and
like I said we want this you know I
don't want to say on a cliche but I want
this to see I want this to be you know a
project that people in Miami can be very
proud of well my question have you met
with the Miami he do you fear that you
might be competition for them in
downtown no I don't think this there's
there's not many corporations that can
be afraid to you know the heat we don't
want to be a threat to any other sports
franchise in in in Miami
I've spoke to Mickey and his family many
times before they're very good people
they're very passionate about sports
you know we've not met and spoke about
anything in particular but you know I've
met him and obviously mentioned
obviously he knew about what we were
doing but you know I don't want to be
afraid to anybody else I'm not
competition with anybody else in Miami I
want this to be you know I want this to
be a team for everybody not just
I don't I don't want any enemies yoram
its name or colors yet obviously the
colors will be something that will be
announced pretty soon but you know the
colors that nope the names not ready to
be announced yet but the name is so I
understand how important the name is to
the fans and to the people and it's got
to be right but the colors are gonna be
very vibrant it's Miami they have to be